Added tutorials: Unit not explained #1030 (#1039)
ocaml/ocaml.org: site/learn/tutorials/basics.md

 ```ocaml
print_int : int -> unit
get_x : unit -> int
 ```
 Most of the time, a function that returns a `unit` type has side effects (in functional programming, it is called an impure function). Here `print_int` prints the specified `int` on the standard output and as such changes the content of the standard output.
 On the other side, `get_x` allows us to call `get_x()` to obtain an `int` through a function.

  Right now, you may not see the importance of such properties but that will come to light when you learn about functional programming.

### Option type

Let's say we have the `sqrt` function which given a `float` return it's square root as a `float`. Now the issue is what happens when we call `sqrt` with a negative `float` (for those who don't know the square root is undefined on negative reals) ? Let's suppose when we call the `sqrt` function with a negative number it exits the program. That's bad, we don't want our program to terminate just because of bad input.

 Let's delegate the issue to the called of `sqrt` and use the `option` type :
```ocaml
type 'a option =
  | None
  | Some of 'a;;
```

> So `'a` indicates that is a polymorphic type like a function. So we can use the `option` type with `int`, `float` or whatever but at the same tyme a `int option` is not the same type as a `float option`. Now let's write a `safe_sqrt` that checks that the input parameter is positive, if it is we will return `Some (sqrt x)` otherwise we will return `None`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`'a` indicates that it is a polymorphic type. So we can use the `option` type with `int`, `float` or anything else, but at the same time `int option` is not the same type as `float option`. Now let's write a `safe_sqrt` that checks that the input parameter is positive, if it is we will return `Some (sqrt x)` otherwise we will return `None`.
```
